### Hi there 👋

 The representation 
- In the portfolio 1, we discuss the main issue is analysis of yelp data. We studied how to wirte a python code to check for missing values and then remove that missing values in each column. As well, select a random subset and extract in the dataset. Furthermore, we compute summary statistics including mean, count, maximum, minimum and standard deviation values.Lastly, the portfolio explore the distribution of each variable, analysis and observation the data.
- In the portfolio 2, we discuss based on the Yelp dataset output from Portfolio 1. The portfolio is to apply different techniques for data cleansing, preprocessing and deletion of irrelevant information as well as the removal of any outliers that may have a bearing on model accuracy. It also intends to use linear regression models for training and validation of the model's accuracy as regards predicting user ratings on a business basis.
- In the portfolio 3, using data from the lending club, the portfolio created a logistic regression model to forecast credit policy. we also practice dividing the training dataset and test and validation sets. Utilizing the k-fold cross-validation method, we can assess the logistic regression model using the validation set. 
- In the portfolio 4, we choose and identity the data to analysis. We can perform data investigation techniques such as variable identification, univariate analysis, and missing value treatment. In addition, we use multiple analysis techniques to perform linear regression on some variables within the group or logistic regression to create a standard classification performance.


Data Science is about writing programming code and developing analytical skill sets derived from statistics and computer science in order to manage, define, fully comprehend, analyze, and try to extract key knowledge from data. As well as a deep understanding of the core and an appreciation for the context in which. I expected to improve my professional coding and data analysis skills based on the lectures, tutorials, and study materials. For instance, the portfolio is a long process when I study Data Science, it is like a note, summary, and small test of the knowledge I have gathered. When I was in the last weeks of the course, I wanted to be able to analyze my data more proficiently and further. In addition, I hope to apply this knowledge to my real life to see problems from many angles.
 Data analysis has always been a topic that excites and scares me. Although I study IT coding is something that makes me nervous, not confident when coding and I need to refer to many sources to come up with results. Portfolio 4 is different from the rest of the portfolios because the rest of the portfolios have the data already given and I just need to work on it. However,  with Portfolio 4, I needed to thoroughly research the question posed and choose which dataset would help me complete it. The second challenge for me was that some of the data in the column was lost so I had to remove that data and create a new dataset. For example, I choose the problem that has always stood out as the number of people living with HIV/AIDS in the world from 2000 to 2018. But it was not easy for me to analyze. I needed to remove the lost data in the columns count, count_median, count_min and count_max and create clean and new data. And then I explore the distribution of each variable from the lecture in class I studied in week 2. To illustrate, I correlation between the Count_min and Count_max to make it clear, when the result is approximately equal to one this means a positive correlation. In addition, I create a plot of the line overlaid with the original data to represent values for two different numeric variables. The scatter plot shows this is strong, positive and linear with the data shown. In the next question, I calculated the mean squared error and r2 score but the results gave me a bit of confusion because the mean squared error is too large so I think this way is wrong. And then, I show the life expectancy in some countries trying to solve HIV affecting the life expectancy of each country. However, life expectancy across countries is the same and does not differ too much. This means that HIV does not seriously affect people's life expectancy. For the last question, the topic of discussion is the K-Nearest Neighbors Classifier and Model Selection from a lesson on week 8. The K-Nearest Neighbors Classifier makes classifications or predictions about the grouping of an individual data point based on its proximity. So, it shows a 2D dataset using synthetic data and a graph showing the accuracy trend in relation to w.r.t. K. So, my portfolio 4 problem-solving process was completed despite some difficulties and challenges.
 From the start of the unit, I have learned a lot about data science, solving and presenting problems in coding. I have been taught many methods of solving problems from the most basic to the multiple difficult solutions. Also, during the first weeks of the course, I was very confused about the analysis and theory I was first exposed to, and then I connected them intimately. Although my course is online, I don't have much interaction with the teachers and asking direct questions makes it a bit difficult for me. However, that did not stop me from giving up and pursuing it. After I completed the lesson in week 11, I made progress in problem recognition and problem-solving with code. On the other hand, my major isn't really the solution to the problem but it gives me a good perspective and can solve the problem quickly when it gets in the way.
 The dataset I chose addresses the issue of the number of people living with HIV; Human Immunodeficiency Virus is a virus that attacks the immune system. If HIV infection is not treated, it can lead to Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome (AIDS). Unlike Covid-19 which only appeared in the last few years and caused people to become infected and pass away. HIV is a virus that appeared for a long time around the first half of the 20th century, showing signs of flu-like illness and causing death. I chose the data on this disease because we should be really careful with this virus and it can get infected at any time. In the data I have collected, the region of countries in Africa has the most HIV in the years 2000-2018. This shows that they are lacking knowledge about this disease, countries without healthcare systems do not have access to HIV testing and antiretroviral drugs. Also, my selection of data on this HIV disease is to warn that this is a very dangerous emergency and that we should have propaganda for people who lack knowledge about HIV. In addition, we should spend time caring for sick patients because HIV is not a communicable disease. Therefore, it is necessary to have an understanding of this HIV virus, we should take the required precautions and protect ourselves. As well, testing and early treatment can give a positive result for an infected person and close contact with an uninfected person should be avoided.
 In conclusion, portfolio 4 is a difficult task but on the contrary, choosing data to complete on it amuses me. Also, portfolio 4 as a task summarizes what I have learned and applied when starting this course. In addition, data on the number of people living with HIV is an issue that must be paid more attention by all people and by the government for propaganda and prevention.
